need to:

set up express js server
use either mongodb or google firebase database to store the data (choose one or try both)

call apis and learn how to request them
    process them when u get them
        and learn how to use them
            the methods for them

store the data in localstorage aswell
    also be able to fetch data from localstorage
        and check if we have data from api in localstorage if not dont fetch it

can have a simple backend with a header and middle section for user to input small data

we are learning about apis in the way that we will use in our price project

2/24
    have basically have our express js backend server set up but its barebones.
        i need to figure out how to call the api from the backend server, request it on the front end and get that data to the front end and save that data somewhere

2/27
    we kinda got our backend working so it fetchs the data from api. then we call it on front end and console log it. we can now work with this data. we also can store it in localstorage and check if it exists, if not call the api from the backend.
        next is to work with it more. then set up mongodb and have our front end check our localstorage first, if not there check the mongodb database, then if not we can fetch from our backend, where the api is called.

2/28 
    got most of data calls working. just need to learn how to work with that data and work on database.
        need to fix text wrapping on middle text

3/3 
    got most of data coming in. need to work on learning different methods, things like headers. understanding JSON structure. 
        need to work on try... catch...
            need to understand async and await purposes
                remember to include catch cases and built in error checks
    got a function working that will grab info based on the resouce and id passed. if only resource is passed. we will get a random set of info from our localstorage.

3/9 
    our call to our backend to search on pageNumber is not working. we need to fix that. blocked by cors but we are reaching our backend

3/10
    got all of our data pretty much working. just need to clean up our code on both ends and build a small interface. will prob just have it be a site which has user press button to see which character is most like them. which will just grab a random char after a small delay and loading animation. will then display random info about them
    right now have localstorage storing first page of data. need to make a function that finds if theres a next page and if its null end, if not append the data to the exisitng storage

3/13
    got data into localstorage, got all data from pages too. now just need to make interface. possibly 3 options for users to get data about a random topic, people, starships etc... need to get pics for others besides people
        gonna do a get which star wars character is most like you (picks from random people). this will provide some info about that character
            also gonna have a gallery to link to.
                this gallery will have the name of the image, and the image itself in a list. if clicked on displays the image in full with a name under it. with buttons to go back and foward.
                    main page with random char button, and gallery link -> user clicks char and it generate pic and info, or clicks gallery -> gallery has all images sorted by categories. -> clicking on image will display that image.

    basically done, just need to finish up grabbing character from array and match and display image. then after that work on having peron reroll again.
        after that need to finish gallery then proj is done.